eyes open what is the source of your
power think carefully before you answer
many adventurers
point to their weapons or their
equipment or to tomes
of arcane night long ago when my people
were slaves of the Mogu Empire we were
forbidden from carrying any weapon at
all we were not fighters and no one
believed we could fight the Mogul
without magic and steel until Tang the
fist of first dawn opened our eyes one
day the beloved monk issued a challenge
to his fellow slaves hit me
he called out surprised the beleaguered
Pandaren slaves tried to strike a one by
one they failed for he intercepted their
blows like a dancer and sidestepped
their attacks like a reed in the wind
our backs are hardened by the whips of
the Mogul he told them our arms are
powerful from building their fortresses
our minds are sharp from working
alongside our enemy you think the Mogu
are stronger I say we are their strength
the farmers the bricklayers the
shepherds the Smiths they all bowed
before gang teach us they said teach us
to fight and when they rose they rose as
warriors your voice your hands these are
the tools of true heroes use them well
and you can change the world
you